# Meeting Minutes
**Date: March 21 2024**

## Agenda
1. Continue UI improvements
2. Continue Improving Specification Documents
3. Display the data from the server
4. Fix user input errors

## Notes
1. UI needs to flow better with different size screens
2. User should not be able to sink an impossible ship location

## Action Items
* Group Member `Ethan`
    * Update padding and margin
* Group Member `Matthew`
  *  Continue working on server
* Group Member `Marcus`
  * Continue working on the java application
* Group Member `Isaak`
    * Help improve Secification documents
    * Create elavetor document

## Contributors
Remove this line. Each Member should directly add their name as a _separate commit_ from the creation of the meeting-minutes.md file
* Ethan Hastings
* Matthew Mangan
* Marcus King
