# Meeting Minutes
**Date: March 7 2024**

## Agenda
1. continue Adding meeting minutes for previous talks
2. continue server connection (hooking java be into fe)
3. add different backround

## Notes
1. need to backlog 2 weeks before spring break
2. need to implement java code
3. add image as a backround

## Action Items
* Group Member `Mathew`
    * Continue working on server
* Group Member `Ethan`
    * enhance fe design to have backround image
* Group Member `Isaak`
    * backlog meeting minutes
* Group Member `Marcus`
    * enhance java calculator


## Contributors
Remove this line. Each Member should directly add their name as a _separate commit_ from the creation of the meeting-minutes.md file
* Ethan Hastings
* Marcus King
* Group Member
* Group Member
