# Meeting Minutes
**Date: March 19 2024**

## Agenda
1. Continue UI improvements
2. Add Array percentages to UI
3. Continue Improving Specification Documents
4. Server needs some improvements

## Notes
1. UI needs to flow better with different size screens
2. Documents need to flow better and be numbered

## Action Items
* Group Member `Ethan`
    * Update padding and margin
* Group Member `Mathew`
    * make server easier to use
* Group Member `Marcus`
  * Specification documents improvements
* Group Member `Isaak`
    * Help improve Secification documents
    * Create some tests in a seperate document

## Contributors
Remove this line. Each Member should directly add their name as a _separate commit_ from the creation of the meeting-minutes.md file
* Ethan Hastings
* Matthew Mangan
* Marcus King
